hi if you want my name is Chris and this
is Chris and that's also Chris so I just
wanted to make this quick video to thank
everyone all of my subscribers thank you
so much to everyone who subscribed
subscribe to my channel it really means
a lot to me each and every single one of
you thank you so much
I wish I could think everyone in person
but that will be impossible I will start
a new series and I'm just gonna be
reviewing all materials pretty much
anything that's all related and you're
gonna start seeing a lot of my face but
I still won't be uploading tutorial
drawing videos nor speed on videos like
I usually do and also I will stop
forcing contests if you want a part of
the contest just like my Facebook page
follow me on Instagram and Twitter
because I will announce the contest on
my social medias all my social medias
are below in the description I will be
giving away a lot of prizes for the
winners including flight drawings
original plant and copies for the
winners clubs I will be giving away
pencils and notebook papers were
sketching and all the good stuff that
you don't want to miss so if you want to
be part of the contest I will be doing
it I will be hosting it very soon just
follow my social medias to be notified
ok guys that's all I got
thank you so much I just wanted to make
this video to thank you guys each and
every single one of you guys for giving
me good feedback and also please go
check out my second channel I do
the second channel I will be uploading
more on my second channel I'm thinking
about doing drugs and on my second
channel to see how you know you know
what do I gave you daily and stuff like
that so so yeah it's go check out my
second channel alright thank you so much
for watching